Let's talk about Humana Gold Plus SNP-DE
H0028-034 (HMO D-SNP)
Find out more about the Humana Gold Plus SNP-DE H0028-034 (HMO D-SNP) plan - including
the health and drug services it covers - in this easy-to-use guide.
Humana Gold Plus SNP-DE H0028-034 (HMO D-SNP) is a Coordinated Care plan HMO with a
Medicare contract and a contract with the Texas Health and Human Services Commission
(HHSC) Medicaid Program program. Enrollment in this Humana plan depends on contract
renewal.
The benefit information provided is a summary of what we cover and what you pay. It doesn't
list every service that we cover or list every limitation or exclusion. For a complete list of services
we cover, ask us for the "Evidence of Coverage".


As a member you must select an in-network doctor to act as your Primary Care Provider (PCP). Humana Gold
Plus SNP-DE H0028-034 (HMO D-SNP) has a network of doctors, hospitals, pharmacies and other providers. If
you use providers who aren’t in our network, the plan may not pay for these services. You have access to
Care Managers. Care Managers are nurses or care coordinators who support your health and well-being by
providing additional services including: acute and chronic-care management, telephonic and in-person
health support, assistance in coordinating Medicare and Medicaid benefits, educational resources and
workshops, and support for families and caregivers.


To be eligible:
To enroll in Humana Gold Plus SNP-DE H0028-034(HMO D-SNP), a Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan, you 
must be entitled to Medicare Part A and enrolled in Medicare Part B, live in our service area and also
receive certain levels of assistance from the Texas Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC) Medicaid Program. 
If you receive both Medicare and Medicaid benefits, this means you are dual eligible.
Humana Gold Plus SNP-DE H0028-034 (HMO D-SNP) may enroll QMB, QMB+, SLMB+.
Qualified Medicare Beneficiary (QMB): Helps payMedicare Part A and Part B premiums, and other cost
sharing (like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments).
Qualified Medicare Beneficiary Plus (QMB+): Helps pay Medicare Part A and Part B premiums, and other
cost-sharing (like deductibles, coinsurance, and copayments) and provides full Medicaid benefits for
Medicaid services provided by Medicaid providers.
Specified Low-Income Medicare Beneficiary Plus(SLMB+): Helps pay Part B premiums and provides full
Medicaid benefits for Medicaid services provided by Medicaid providers.


More about Humana Gold Plus SNP-DEH0028-034 (HMO D-SNP)
As a member of this plan, you will not be responsible
for cost sharing for plan benefits. The Medicaid
Comparison Chart shows specific benefits that
Medicaid may cover for some dual eligible members.
You will work with your Humana care coordinator to
understand and access these benefits from the Texas
Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC)
Medicaid Program after any Humana Gold Plus
SNP-DE H0028-034 (HMO D-SNP) benefits are used.
The Covered Medical and Hospital Benefits chart
shows the benefits you will receive from Humana.
Be sure to show the Texas Health and Human
Services Commission (HHSC) Medicaid Program ID
card in addition to your Humana membership card to
make your provider aware that you also have
Medicaid coverage. You may be required to pay a
small Medicaid specific co-payment. Your services are
paid first by Humana and then by Medicaid.


How to reach us:
If you have questions about your benefits or your level
of eligibility for assistance from Medicaid, you should
contact Humana's Customer Care department or the
Texas Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC)
Medicaid Program for further details.
If you’re a member of this plan, call toll-free:
1-800-457-4708 (TTY: 711).
October 1 - March 31:
Call 7 days a week from 8 a.m. - 8 p.m.
April 1 - September 30:
Call Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Or visit our website: Humana.com/medicare .
Medicaid benefits last validated on 07/01/2022 and
are subject to change.
For the most current Texas Medicaid coverage
information, please visit the Texas Health and Human
Services Commission (HHSC) Medicaid Program
website at https://www.hhs.texas.gov/services/
health/medicaid-chip or call the Medicaid Hotline at
1-800-252-8263 (TTY: 711).


Monthly Premium, Deductible and Limits
Monthly plan premium$0
You must keep paying your Medicare Part B premium. Your Part A
and/or Part B premium may be paid on your behalf by the Texas
Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC) Medicaid Program
Program.
Medical deductibleThis plan does not have a deductible.
Pharmacy (Part D) deductible$0 if you qualify for "Extra Help"
Maximum out-of-pocket
responsibilityThis plan does not have a maximum out-of-pocket responsibility.


Covered Medical and Hospital Benefits
N/A
WHAT YOU PAY ON THIS HUMANA PLAN
ACUTE INPATIENT HOSPITAL CARE
N/A
$0 copay
OUTPATIENT HOSPITAL COVERAGE
Outpatient surgery at
outpatient hospital$0 copay
Outpatient surgery at
ambulatory surgical center$0 copay
DOCTOR OFFICE VISITS
Primary care provider (PCP)$0 copay
Specialists$0 copay
PREVENTIVE CARE
N/A
Our plan covers many preventive services at no cost when you see
an in-network provider including:
• Abdominal aortic aneurysm Screening
• Alcohol misuse counseling
• Bone mass measurement
• Breast cancer screening (mammogram)
• Cardiovascular disease (behavioral therapy)
• Cardiovascular screenings
• Cervical and vaginal cancer screening
• Colorectal cancer screenings (colonoscopy, fecal occult blood test,
flexible sigmoidoscopy)
• Depression screening
• Diabetes screenings


WHAT YOU PAY ON THIS HUMANA PLAN
• HIV screening
• Medical nutrition therapy services
• Obesity screening and counseling
• Prostate cancer screenings (PSA)
• Sexually transmitted infections screening and counseling
• Tobacco use cessation counseling (counseling for people with no
• sign of tobacco-related disease)
• Vaccines, including flu shots, hepatitis B shots, pneumococcal shots
• "Welcome to Medicare" preventive visit (one-time)
• Annual Wellness Visit
• Lung cancer screening
• Routine physical exam
• Medicare diabetes prevention program
Any additional preventive services approved by Medicare during the
contract year will be covered.

EMERGENCY CARE
Emergency room
(If you are admitted to the
hospital within 24 hours, you do
not have to pay your share of the
cost for the emergency care):$0 copay
Urgently needed services
(Urgently needed services are
provided to treat a non-emergency,
unforeseen medical illness, injury or
condition that requires immediate
medical attention):$0 copay
DIAGNOSTIC SERVICES, LABS AND IMAGING
Diagnostic mammography:$0 copay
Diagnostic radiology:$0 copay
Lab services:$0 copay
Diagnostic tests and procedures:$0 copay
Outpatient X-rays:$0 copay
Radiation therapy:$0 copay
HEARING SERVICES
Medicare-covered hearing:$0 copay


WHAT YOU PAY ON THIS HUMANA PLAN
HER945
• $0 copay for routine hearing exams up to 1 every year.
• $0 copay for each Advanced level hearing aid up to 1 per ear every
3 years.
Hearing aid purchase includes:
• Unlimited follow-up provider visits during first year following
TruHearing hearing aid purchase
• 60-day trial period
• 3-year extended warranty
• 80 batteries per aid for non-rechargeable models
You must see a TruHearing provider to use this benefit. Call
1-844-255-7144 to schedule an appointment (for TTY, dial 711).
DENTAL SERVICES
Medicare-covered dental$0 copay
Routine dentalDEN290
• $0 copay for scaling and root planing (deep cleaning) up to 1 per
quadrant every 3 years.
• $0 copay for comprehensive oral evaluation or periodontal exam,
occlusal adjustment, scaling for moderate inflammation up to 1
every 3 years.
• $0 copay for complete dentures, crown recementation, panoramic
film or diagnostic x-rays, partial dentures up to 1 every 5 years.
• $0 copay for crown, root canal, root canal retreatment up to 1 per
tooth per lifetime.
• $0 copay for bitewing x-rays, intraoral x-rays up to 1 set(s) per year.
• $0 copay for adjustments to dentures, denture rebase, denture
reline, denture repair, emergency diagnostic exam, tissue
conditioning up to 1 per year.
• $0 copay for emergency treatment for pain, fluoride treatment, oral
surgery, periodic oral exam, prophylaxis (cleaning) up to 2 per year.
• $0 copay for periodontal maintenance up to 4 per year.
• $0 copay for amalgam and/or composite filling, necessary
anesthesia with covered service, simple or surgical extraction up to
unlimited per year.
• $3000 maximum benefit coverage amount per year for preventive
and comprehensive benefits.


Dental services are subject to our
standard claims review
procedures which could include
dental history to approve
coverage. Dental benefits under
this plan may not cover all
American Dental Association
procedure codes. Information
regarding each plan is available
at Humana.com/sb .
Network dentists have agreed to
provide services at contracted
fees (the in-network fee
schedules, or INFS). If a member
visits a participating network
dentist, the member will not
receive a bill for charges more
than the negotiated fee schedule
on covered services (coinsurance
payment still applies).
Use the HumanaDental Medicare
network for the Mandatory
